Impotent Rage, the liberal superhero.
He'll save the day for straight or gay.
Impotent Rage
Tax the rich, rob the poor.
Even though he funnels money offshore.
Impotent Rage
Getting an award, in a jet plane.
We're sacrificing together, I feel your pain!
Impotent Rage
Eat organic, recycle or I'll have a fit!
He's a judgemental hypocrite.
Union entitlements rule!
Ban God in School!
Smack for junkies!
Welfare for flunkies!
Impotent Rage
The liberal superhero.
I just care
too much!
What do we want?
Less work!
When do we want it?
Now!
What do we want?
Hand jobs!
Everyone,
get back to work.
What the hell is this?
Get back to work!
Impotent Rage.
Impotent Rage, Rage, Rage!
Safety first!
Hey fellas.
What's going on here?
Oh, Impotent Rage!
Thank god you're here!
We're being oppressed by an evil corporation.
Our bosses want us to actually work.
And won't guarantee us two-hundred percent raises.
Summer Fridays off and pensions for life after
retiring at thirty-seven.
Why... that's outrageous!
But we're going out of business
if we don't make some changes.
They want free snacks,
massages and raises every year!
Then most of them go on
disability with full pay anyway.
You revolting chisellers you!
He tried to fire me for sleeping at my desk.
You were drunk!
Why you would be too!
He's just dampening the pain inside,
from being trapped as a mediocre cog
in the dead end machine of capitalism.
But he's the CFO!
I said American workers should be able to retire
at age of thirty-five and receive healthcare...
And a salary for life,
on your dime!
Otherwise...
What's the point?
That's impossible!
That's not how economics work.
Don't you understand?
I'm extremely rich!
I understand how economics work,
and what the working class needs!
They want a six-pack of beer.
Yeah!
An eager girl in their pickup truck!
And a depressing folk tune playing on the radio!
Uhh, yes...
This here's a free country, boy!
Free!
But with thousands of rules and regulations.
To keep greedy corporations like you in line!
If you don't like it...
Move to China!
But... But because of the free trade agreement,
that's where we'll have to move the company
if we don't wanna go out of business.
We just want a sensible discussion of the issues.
Oh, you're nothing short of a disgrace!
If peaceful protest won't change your mind,
we're going to have to solve
this the old fashioned way.
With mind,
bending,
liberal,
impotent...
Rage!
A victory for the working man.
My work here is done.
But our work place is destroyed.
Ah hell, go on welfare.
Kick back, get a six pack and relax.
You deserve it after all this work.
What if we just wanna work?
Braxton Industries headed by
billionaire liberal playboy Braxton Hunter,
recently celebrated the closing of
another highway,
to install more bike
lanes and collective urban farms.
Braxton recently returned from a
trip to Antarctica on his private jumbo jet,
where he'd been to accept an environmental award.
Some critics say that Hunter is also
the caped superhero Impotent Rage.
Because they look exactly alike,
and have the same voice
and Impotent Rage tends to show up right
after Mr. Hunter quietly sneaks out.
He has emphatically denied
they're the same person.
A hero of the liberal media,
others say Hunter is a rich, entitled asshole
with too much time on his hands.
What?
I am not a rich entitled asshole!
With too much time on my hands...
Woo baby!
Now that is one productive day's work!
I'm gonna go home and do some yoga,
drink some wheat grass
and go to my favorite farmers' market.
Good morning Braxton, you look great.
You've got a bunch of voicemail messages.
Yeah, yeah, from who?
Uberman.
Uberman!
My arch-nemesis!
I hate that right wing bully!
Hey Impotent Rage, you pathetic hypocrite.
I was just eating some whale sashimi
and a manatee steak when
my thoughts turned to you.
Dumb,
slow,
vegetarians who the state will no longer protect.
See you around smucko.
Oh, do I hate that man!
Oh, do I despise him.
Oh, Braxton, Braxton, there, there...
I know a way to calm you down.
Something wet and relaxing.
That you'll really like...
Oh, a flaxseed smoothie.
You've got a great idea, baby.
Braxton, I need to tell you something.
I'm in love with you.
I want you to take me,
rip my clothes off and
thrust yourself inside me.
Sometimes I feel like you
don't even notice I'm here.
I'm sorry, what were you saying?
Oh, it's ok, it's ok.
I get emotional about this stuff too, Violet.
The environment,
marriage rights,
hemp clothing,
recycling,
placenta cakes!
You know, I became a liberal at a very young age.
My parents were...
Violet,
we're about to start the flashback sequence,
so please wiggle back and forth for me, now.
Okay.
My parents moved here
as immigrants from Vice City,
and built a huge empire
exploiting people mercilessly.
My father made a fortune strip mining,
whaling,
dumping toxic pollution
and marketing tobacco.
He was a womanizer,
and much more interesting than me.
He belittled me constantly.
And then he died before he
could write me out of his will.
And so I became the majority shareholder
in a huge multinational company!
I traveled the world.
I joined lots of NGOs and
did what any other impossibly rich,
sexually confused rich kid does...
Became a superhero!
Through the art of self-meditation,
yoga and a freak green energy accident
which gave me unnatural God-like powers,
I became...
Impotent Rage,
rage, rage, rage, rage...
Wait, what's that?
What is it?
It's my eco sense going off.
That man isn't recycling!
Hey!
Neanderthal!
Do you know what century it is?
Recycle that soda can,
or I'll come down there and
teach you a lesson you won't forget in a hurry!
I can't stand being disrespected like this!
Fuck, shit, cunt, piece of...
Braxton, quick to the anger room!
Wow, oh my God.
All this relentless self-righteous posturing.
It's exhausting...
It's exhausting!
What is it, high-tech device of
the future I personally invented,
even though I'm otherwise entirely incompetent?
Impotent Rage, there's some trouble
down by the river.
Fascism never sleeps!
Violet!
I'm over here.
Of course you are!
Why are you wearing that ridiculous outfit?
I thought superheroes run
around in their underwear,
so should their assistants.
I thought you would like it.
Violet, it's that kind of
hyper-sexualized clothing
that exploits and demeans women.
Fuck me!
Time for Impotent Rage!
Where is it?
Here.
For the record, this is an organic,
entirely fair trade,
cotton one piece that is dyed in berry juice,
harvested by a lesbian commune.
And it's every bit as effective at fighting crime
as the synthetic fibres made
popular by some of my rivals.
Quick, to the suit-up montage.
Ah, Braxton...
What's this?
That's the cost to animate your overly
elaborate and lengthy suit-up montage.
Ah... got it,
Okay, skip the montage.
Let's go straight to...
Impotent Rage!
Impotent Rage
will be back after these commercials.
There are over eight million species of
migratory birds that travel through San Andreas.
but every day hundreds of thousands of birds
are slaughtered by a not so silent predator.
Windmills
So-called environmentalists' desperate need
to destroy our state's indigenous oil industry,
will lead to noisy, nature killing windmills,
literally in your backyard!
At San Andreas Water and Power,
we're working with state and local
officials to make sure that windmills
and solar panels don't ruin
our pristine environment.
Let's keep the power on!
Nature, and in particular our
beautiful birds will thank you.
Nothing is more dangerous for
a bird than a slow moving windmill.
They, like any half sentient creature,
much prefer one hundred acre industrial
plants spewing out noxious chemicals.
Let's all work together to
preserve our environment.
San Andreas Water and Power.
No more fracking!
What's going on here?
These protesters wanna stop us from fracking!
You conservatives!
Always trying to stop loving people from fracking,
what century are you living in?
If these three men want to frack each other,
what business is it of yours!
If these two want to spit roast this guy,
why do I care?
What?
But they wanna drill really deep and make a mess.
Why, they say that's the joy of fracking!
Why I'll bet this happy fellow is a top.
I say what?
Fracking is what makes the world go round.
Everyone is free to frack who they want,
what they want and where they want.
I myself would frack all the time
if it weren't that my super powers
have inversely affected my fracking prowess.
Oh, yeah. I do love big, delicious penises.
You have to help us Impotent Rage,
we're being oppressed.
I've had about enough
of your Stone Age outrage.
You angry conservatives are
all pent-up homosexuals yourselves!
Okay, but we're not conservatives.
We're protesters.
Argh!
Hey, what's going on?
What are you doing?
Argh!
There!
That should sort things out for everyone.
You just keep on fracking boys!
Does anyone want a photo,
for their Lifeinvader page?
I really do exist.
And I prove not all closeted rich guys are creepy.
Oh, Impotent Rage,
you're such an ignoramus.
Uberman!
You littering pig!
I was wondering when you'd turn up.
Oh, my suit is so fancy.
This suit is actually pleasuring me right now.
Oh, oh, who's your daddy?
Who's your daddy?
Yang!
You've worked yourself up
in to such a liberal lather,
that you actually ended up helping the opposition.
These are natural gas wells that
pollute the environment.
Not three old queens in to PNP.
What?
Oh no! No! What have I done?
Maybe I'll donate some money to charities.
Build a statue of a kid in a wheel chair.
That will clear my conscience.
I've come to save the day again...
from you.
The common
herd needs a genetically superior, synthetic
fiber clad, sociopath lunatic to look up to.
Not a soy latte sipping dweeb with a flaccid...
Well, you get the point.
But first, I'm off to drill some oil wells
in environmentally sensitive wetlands.
Goodbye Impotent Rag.
No!
I must stop him.
To the Impotent Mobile electric car.
Initiate solar panel sequence.
Right away.
Oh... God!
Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
I hate you, I hate you, I hate you.
Why must the conservatives always win?